Add info about orb categories (#4807)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/orbs-best-practices.md

| company/orb  | company/company |
{: class="table table-striped"}

#### Categorize your Orb
{:.no_toc}

> Categorizing your orb allows it to be searchable on the [Orb Registry](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/) by category. To see how you can categorize your orb via the CircleCI CLI, refer to [Orb Authoring Process]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/orb-author).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Categorizing your orb allows it to be searchable on the [Orb Registry](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/) by category. To see how you can categorize your orb using the CircleCI CLI, refer to the [Orb Authoring Process]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/orb-author) guide.
```
